Update ICU breaking change with practical examples (#21345)
dotnet/docs: includes/core-changes/globalization/5.0/icu-globalization-api.md

#### Change description

> In previous .NET versions, .NET libraries use [National Language Support (NLS)](/windows/win32/intl/national-language-support) APIs for globalization functionality on Windows. For example, NLS functions were used to compare strings, get culture information, and perform string casing in the appropriate culture.

Reviewer: This is not true for .NET Framework 1.0, 2.0, 3.0 and 3.5. Maybe we can say Full Framework versions 4.0 and above and .NET Core.

> In previous .NET versions, .NET libraries use [National Language Support (NLS)](/windows/win32/intl/national-language-support) APIs for globalization functionality on Windows. For example, NLS functions were used to compare strings, get culture information, and perform string casing in the appropriate culture.

Author: ```suggestion
In .NET Core 1.0 - 3.1 and .NET Framework 4 and later, .NET libraries use [National Language Support (NLS)](/windows/win32/intl/national-language-support) APIs for globalization functionality on Windows. For example, NLS functions were used to compare strings, get culture information, and perform string casing in the appropriate culture.
```
